docs(alert): team review (#4953)
digdir/designsystem: apps/www/app/content/components/alert/en/overview.mdx

<Story story="PreviewEn" language="html" />

**Use Alert when**

> - you have short and informative messaging that is important to highlight for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you have short and informative messaging that is important to highlight
```

> - the information has a semantic meaning (error, success, info, warning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the information has a semantic meaning (error, success, info, warning)
```

> - you need to inform about minor or technical errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you need to inform about minor or technical errors
```

**Avoid Alert when**

> - you need to notify the user about an error in a single form field, use the component’s own error message [validation message](/en/components/docs/validation-message/overview) instead, and [error summary](/en/components/docs/error-summary/overview) if there are multiple error messages to be summarised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you need to notify the user about an error in a single form field, use the component’s own error message [validation message](/en/components/docs/validation-message/overview) instead, and [error summary](/en/components/docs/error-summary/overview) to summarise multiple errors
```

> - you want to highlight content visually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you want to highlight content visually
```
